[Autogenerated] Let's start looking at Ken is is analytic applications.
We just had a brief overview on what they are and how they're used,
but let's go through actually creating one so that we can see how it's done
and how they're actually used in real life scenarios.
So I'm gonna create an analytics application and we
have to create our application.
So I have to give it a name.
I'll call it Pluralsight we can.
Give a description and then we choose our runtime so you can see
we either can do SQL or we can do Apache Flink.
Now SQL is obviously structured query language and then Flink is its
own open source framework for distributed processing.
So I'll do SQL for this.
I'll create our application.
And there you go.
I just made our Data analytics application.
Now what this does is it brings us to our source screen,
and our source in this aspect is some type of streaming data that
we're pushing into our analytic application.
And what happens is when we connect are streaming data it in
just data from the stream into a virtual table,
an input stream within the Data Analytics application,
we run our SQL analytic commands on that data,
and then we can output data through an output stream on the back end.
So if I click on connect streaming data we can choose a source now
we can configure a new stream if we wanted to,
or we can choose an existing one.
Now, I went ahead and I created a data firehose and I called it test.
And what I'll do is I'll start sending data over this delivery stream.
Let me go back to my analytics, and then I'm gonna choose firehose.
So this is important.
The sources are either a data stream or a fire hose delivery stream.
That's important to know for the exam.
So let me choose my test delivery stream.
You can see in our SQL queries We would reference this source as
this value right here and then we can do some pre processing of
records with Lambda if we had one to do,
and then we have to grant access permission so we can create or update an
existing role or choose a different role that can be assumed.
So I already have one created, and I'll use that.
And then the last part down here is pretty meat we can discover our schema.
So if I click this,
what's going on is that Data Analytics is going through
this fire hose that we just connected.
It's looking at that ingested data, and it's trying to discover a schema.
And there you go.
You can see it's detected JSON format and apply to schema.
And if you recall,
the data that gets passed in is basically information about ticker symbols for
the stock market so we can see that it was able to distinguished ticker symbol
sector change and then price as different fields that we can now perform SQL
Analytics on as if it was relational table.
So I'll save and continue, and that brings us to our SQL editor now.
I'm not going to run it right now because I don't want to incur any cost,
but we would start our application,
and then you can save and run SQL from the console directly,
and it's using that source data that we connected from our fire hose.
So after I start the application, I can go through in just that,
streaming data are input stream in Data Analytics puts it
into a virtual table that essentially allows us to perform
relational work on there.
We perform that work,
and then we output that result to an output stream
that could go to any destination.
So if we look at destinations, you can see we have three options.
We have another data stream we can go back into fire hose
or we can pass it to a lambda function.
So depending on your use case,
they offer three different options at this point in time,
and you can see right here we have our in application stream.
So this is for that continuous flow that we get from ingesting our records.
We would create an in applications stream name and then we configure
the output format so don't get tripped up over the name in
application does not necessarily mean input.
It means input and output.
So there's an in application input stream and an in application output stream.
And these error, what allow us to perform their relation will work.
So I'm gonna cancel out of this, and that's actually going to do it.
So it was a pretty short and sweet walk through.
We just looked at how we can connect a source which we did with fire hose.
We allowed it to automatically discover a schema.
And then we looked at how we can run SQL commands on those streaming data,
that real time data as if it was a relation all table.
And we talked about how the in application streams
are what allowed us to do that.
So let's end here, and then we'll pick back up with video streams in the next clip.